Cachetool support adapter fastcgi (#37)
le-phare/ansible-deploy: README.md

## Contribute

> Clone or fork the repository and make your change in a branch, for example a branch names `fastcgi".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clone or fork the repository and make your change in a branch (below is an example for a "fastcgi" branch).
```

> You can test your modification by build your own docker image. Then you can build the image with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test your modification by building your own docker image:
```
